I've always heard women just being
obsessed with your hair oh how are you
ladies
oh yeah yeah is there is there kind of a
technique that you've used to sort of
maintain your hair you know since you're
a kid and as you get older and so forth
I am um-hmm I the I guess as I get older
I guess the healthier I am on the inside
the healthier my hair is so if I'm
taking care of myself and not stressed
um sleeping well whatever then my hair
looks healthy
um I mixed my my mom is black um she's
from Panama and my dad is Indian he's
from Trinidad yet even if you look at
like the color of my hair with Indian
friends like my hair's a little is more
Indian but it's funny that when I was
younger it was something that sent me
that sent me apart and not necessarily a
good way from from other girls that I
knew and not that I was so much made fun
of but it felt like I was made to seem
different so it's kind of it's
interesting or like the thing you think
is a flaw when you're little is like
well here is such a huge thing the black
community it really is like oh so you
actually hated on when you were younger
about 4 yeah and I like when Chris Rock
did I had good hair I was like oh my
gosh she should have interviewed me
because I feel like there's one side of
the story which he told really really
well
but then there's another side of the
story which is like the kid who's told
or and it's sometimes it's kit it's boys
and girls sometimes because in the black
community like that term good hair it's
like also so as good look at her with
our good hair and did it when you
separate you know you have like a group
of cousins playing and you separate the
children that way you're doing as much
damage to
child that you're calling out for having
good hair as you are because you're
creating like this Arbit that's like
separation that isn't true and so I grew
up wanting hair I want I grew up wanting
to be able to twist my hair and wanting
to be able to wear my hair like my mom
did and my on stood and because I wanted
that's I wanted to be like them I didn't
want to be different different just that
term good hair it's how crazy really
crazy implications around it because
it's assuming that other people have bad
hair that isn't like your hair
and let me tell you Caribbean people do
it even worse they'll say crazy things
like oh no bills and there's colorism
too they'll say crazy things like oh
yeah she's so dark but she has good hair
no like it's it's it's crazy
it literally is crazy keeping your hair
natural goes for everybody like as I get
older and like to keep my hair healthy I
use coconut oil I use argan oil and if
you see me out in the street it's in a
bun or it's out but it's out the way God
made me which is a strange like mixed
between frizzy and straight and that's
just because we do too much